hello I bring you another video tutorial
tutorial now videos how have they
done and good here I bring you a
completely different video in a
totally different place this is my
fourth as you will see there is not much to see
when here doing this video because
this video is a little different no
quite different in fact it's
registered what is the draw the
guitar and a while ago a while ago
back a month or so ago he had
promised that it was going to be a draw for
the guitar and by circumstances that yes
that the school that in life that year
new that they touch the other I could not
to do it but the time has come and here
we are very simple let's go step by
step for you more or less
see how you can get that guitar
it is very simple really and the
possibilities are very high for each
one of you who edit it is going to be
Well, this time they will win
this is a very beautiful guitar was the
first guitar that I bought
I definitely learned everything I know
with guitar with this and for me it's very
special but I can not send you this
guitar because I love her so much
number one because apart from that
memories that you bring are from the time of
Christopher Columbus
number 2 because it's all hit
gives
but they send them an identical
it's a 40 ago but I put them I think
these are continuing these are 40
taking about 70 or the versions
higher and it's definitely a
very good guitar
the sound is spectacular with other
new strings everything sounds like you
excellent for anything that
you want to serve you this much
guitar is already
well to win this three hospitalization
simple steps 3 3 number 1 be
subscribed to the channel if you are subscribed
also to watch this video and
step number 2 give like us in light
down here
of ashley the video then you have to
comment the video obviously in the part
of comments do not bring was your faith
you are going to leave a comment here abajito
why you should win the guitar and
What will you do connect no matter if
yeah I'll grab the guitar I
to sing what I'll give you a serenade
the wife of the brother-in-law of the portal age
stucco tournament once it meets
those three requirements on the deadline
it's going to be on February 15 on the 15th
I'm going to choose all the nurses
people I will see all and
randomly I will say
You will see
once you see that person I will see
If you have met all three requirements and
is subscribed if you liked it and left the
comment well and after those three
days I'm going to give you to be able to put in
contact with that person I will put him
my facebook everywhere that that
person has won I will contact me with
her three in three days to three and I 'm going to
break the coconut trying to contact and
so contact the excellent person me
I agree with that person that the
address said his guitar sent it to him
him if it's not true after doing that
as the winner and you will enjoy
your guitar meets these three
requirements are very simple what
true in you this is this this is
raffle to edit the three in
especially because good week
last week and a little more than
days I did not do not meet come to a thousand
subscribers on youtube and for many
they will say a thousand subscribers you are a bacterium
no 30 yes it's true my writers are not
nothing but for me it is very special that
company and without the help of anyone and I my
subscriptions something is something
of little avast or that is how it is not part
I have a lot of feeling for the channel
because if it is uploaded not many videos
but if I have put a lot of effort
grateful to you who give me a
minute of your life to see a tutorial and
reinforce your knowledge in my way of
return something you wish you were
whoever wins that guitar and then already
when it reaches five thousand
zero subscribers hopefully when it arrives
to 75 thousand subscribers that we hope that
not be long here I'm going to
they also gave away a guitar
a prettier one and so we will go climbing
because of way of thanking well also
I'm going to fix tuner that part of the
rivals guitar because seen though
many people battle with sharpeners
of how to end to see this graph my
guitar
those endings that I'm going to give are from
script are very simple in this part and
it's akin to the guitar very easy
you can carry and never worry about
have your guitar out of tune that's
practically all three simple steps
subscribe in like comment
we will be that you are the chosen one
remember no theories to the comment because
that will forget a lot not by inbox
by facebook you do not work here in this
video that simple so easy like that
everything you want to say
practically the video is reaching
I wish you many of those people
thank you for your support once again I would
what to say for the support of giving me
watch my video once a day share it
learn to be day by day commenting
sending inbox I thank you very much
but much much much greater my heart
thank you for that support and it's going
to give an important type if it is
true I have 1400 subscribers not
means that they have 1500 people are
active I have like 7000 8000 likes in
facebook does not mean that eight thousand
people are active commenting and
talking very few people comment my video
if they see it they have some videos that
13,000 twelve thousand ten thousand 198 other 200
600 visits varies a lot but not much
people send comments on youtube
ok this opportunity this increases the
percentage or then this increases the
chance that you can get the
guitar because not many people are going to
comment so much eye with that and
try to be ready this video and
put it as fast as possible that has
been everything for my part service alonso
remember that you can contact me by
facebook for an inbox luis alonso music
send me a tweet Luis Alonso
twinning and I answer you that
we recited fair daughter happy instagram
youtube many mails I'm not stars
I did answer and hopefully good that one
from you
especially that can carry this
guitar to be very easy the draw
that if they take it by the Felix part
alonso good luck that person
the babies of the next video to god